Basics and Fundamentals.md, before:

Basics and Fundamentals
=======================

Saving a Python program
-----------------------
When we are done typing our statements and our code looks beautiful and perfect we need to save the file in order to run our program.
We can name the file whatever we want. However, its necessary that we name the extension `.py` for example. `myawesomeprogram.py`. See the picture below for reference.

> Insert Picture

[![LP-naming-files](link goes here)]()


Running a Python program
------------------------

We can run a Python program using a lot of different methods, in this case we are going to use what we call a console window, such as `Terminal` for Mac users or `Poweshell` for Windows users, both of these should come with your respective computer.

We need to ensure that we are in the right directory.

> Mac Users

In terminal we can type the following commands to perform different actions. For now we are only going to use 3 commands.

- `cd` - is short for change directory. Guess what it does???? Yup! You got it it allows us to change directories by typing `cd directoryname`. But what is a directory you mas ask? Great question! Its simply a folder in your computer.

- `ls` - stand for 'list files'. I know, I know... Shouldn't it be 'lf'? I agree with you, unfortunately, the guy who created decided that `ls` was more fitting 🙃. Now, you might wondering whhat does `ls` do. Guess... Jeez you are so smart, I don't even know why are you reading this, you are right `ls` list all files and directories in your currect folder/directory.

- `python` - with the python command we also need to pass the name of the file **with** the extesion `.py` in order to run our program.

Now, with all these commands you should be ready to run your Python programs! Are you excited yet?! I am!

> Windows Users 



1. Open `Terminal`, `Powershell` or your console window of preference.
2. Navigate to the directory where the Python file you want to run is located.
>> Rememeber to use `cd` and `ls` to find your file
3. Type `python yourfile.py` and hit enter.
4. Brag to your friends and family members of how godly of a programmer you are!

Commit message:

Updated Jargon.md, Basics and Fundamentals.md, added 2 more example programs and 2 more pictures

Basics and Fundamentals.md, after:

Basics and Fundamentals
=======================

Welcome to Python Programming Basics and Fundamentals 
-----------------------------------------------------

You may notice a lot of gaming lines. We are trying to make this fun because boring is..

[![LP-naming-files](link goes here)]()


Saving a Python program
-----------------------
When we are done typing our statements and our code looks beautiful and perfect we need to save the file in order to run our program.
We can name the file whatever we want. However, its necessary that we name the extension `.py` for example. `myawesomeprogram.py`. See the picture below for reference.

> Insert Picture

[![LP-naming-files](link goes here)]()


Running a Python program
------------------------

We can run a Python program using a lot of different methods, in this case we are going to use what we call a console window, such as `Terminal` for Mac users or `Powershell` for Windows users, both of these should come with your respective computer.

We need to ensure that we are in the right directory.

> Mac / Windows Users

In terminal we can type the following commands to perform different actions. For now we are only going to use 3 commands.

- `cd` - is short for change directory. Guess what it does???? Yup! You got it it allows us to change directories by typing `cd directoryname`. But what is a directory you mas ask? Great question! Its simply a folder in your computer.

- `ls` - stand for 'list files'. I know, I know... Shouldn't it be 'lf'? I agree with you, unfortunately, the guy who created decided that `ls` was more fitting 🙃. Now, you might wondering what does `ls` do. Guess... Jeez you are so smart, I don't even know why are you reading this, you are right `ls` list all files and directories in your current folder/directory.

- `python` - with the python command we also need to pass the name of the file **with** the extension `.py` in order to run our program.

Now, with all these commands you should be ready to run your Python programs! Are you excited yet?! I am!


1. Open `Terminal`, `Powershell` or your console window of preference.
2. Navigate to the directory where the Python file you want to run is located.
>> Remember to use `cd` and `ls` to find your file
3. Type `python yourfile.py` and hit enter.
4. Brag to your friends and family members of how godly of a programmer you are!

Comments
--------
As you may have noticed from the code examples from before, anything that comes after `#` is what we call a comment (except on a string). Comments are essential to your code as your future self and other programmers will be very grateful you commented your code well. Although it is good to use comments, it is no so good to over comment your code. Comments should be used to explain how did you accomplish something. Note that comments are not statements that the computer will execute, the computer simply ignores these comments.

I cannot stress how import a well commented code is. You may think  but why should I comment my code? I wrote, I know what I did, maybe for a month or two you might remember, but after thousands of lines of code and different concepts believe me it gets harder to remember all the small details. Not only that comments are really helpful if another programmer need to work on your code. Keep in mind that sometimes clever code is not as great as it seems, most of the time readability is better than cleverness.

Blank Lines
-----------
It may seems obvious in the surface but being using Blank Lines in your code really helps a lot with readability. Imaging having to read a 1000 lines program without blank lines. 💀
